a simple guide on how to be the best
kisser kissing somebody for the first
time is always an exciting and
nerve-racking moment how should you
initiate it what if the person doesn't
want to kiss you back what should you do
to be a good kisser
don't worry today we're going to answer
all of these questions so listen up and
take notes after watching this video
you'll definitely be an unbelievable
kisser but before we start don't forget
to subscribe to our Channel and turn on
notifications now you won't miss any of
our new videos okay first things first
what hints should you give away if you
want to kiss someone it's usually all
very subconscious and your body language
should do the job for you the most
obvious choice is to look at the
person's lips briefly this is the main
subconscious kissing signal keeping your
lips softly parted is another body
language option to give away romantic
intentions not too much though it's
enough to bite your bottom lip slightly
those who are especially brave can try
to test the waters beforehand if you're
on a date with a girl quickly and gently
kiss her hand as you greet her if you're
on a date with a guy plant a kiss on his
cheek you'll instantly see how the
person feels about it as the date goes
on you can decide whether it would be
appropriate to kiss your date goodbye or
if it's better to take it slowly if
you're feeling even braver you can ask
for a kiss directly be respectful and
choose your words wisely
for example I'm sorry if I'm being too
forward but may I kiss you this is the
best option if you're still in doubt
your date will probably appreciate you
asking for their consent before getting
a bit more intimate now that we found
out how to initiate the kiss let's move
on to the basic kissing techniques first
and foremost you should take care of
your lips chapped lips are never a good
look don't forget about your breath
either if it feels a little
stale use breath mints or a spray to
freshen up begin with a few soft and
gentle kisses no tongue or teeth there's
no need for that especially if you are
kissing somebody for the very first time
you are just getting to know each other
in this way and slow and gentle kisses
will give both of you a chance to stop
if anything seems uncomfortable or wrong
if your feelings are mutual your kiss
will progress naturally try to swallow
excess saliva as sloppy kisses aren't
romantic as your kiss continues you can
go with a locked lips technique which is
also a great gateway for future French
kissing to put it simply for the locked
lips technique you should stack your
lips so that your partner's lower lip is
below your lower lip and their upper lip
is below your upper lip at this point
you can start to use your hands more as
well putting your hands around your
partner's waist on their shoulders or on
the sides of their face are just a
couple of possible choices go with your
instincts and feelings but be
considerate you should both feel
comfortable about what's going on
between the two of you if your partner
doesn't mind the locked lips technique
you can test using your tongue after
some time try lightly running the tip of
it over your partner's lower lip and see
how they respond if your partner presses
in closer to you or even returns the
gesture that's a good sign
as you increase the intensity of the
kiss you can also go for french kissing
although this is usually more
appropriate for couples who have been
together for some time when French
kissing you should sweep your tongue
along the inside of your partner's lower
lip as always it's advisable to begin
slowly and gently and increase the
intensity if your partner responds well
if everything is going well all you have
to do is slide the tip of your tongue
inside your partner's mouth and to
gently move it against the tip of their
tongue
however if it's your first kiss stay
away from this technique try something
lighter instead the final cherry on top
when it comes to kissing techniques is
using your teeth this adds an unexpected
element to a kiss when your lips are
locked simply place your teeth over your
partner's lower lip and gently pull back
keep the pressure as light as possible
and don't use this trick frequently it
should be an occasional gesture not a
constant thing and that's all the basic
kissing techniques for you you can mix
them up or stick to the one you prefer
the most kissing is purely individual
and it can be anything you want
as long as you are both feeling it all
of this advice is helpful but what if
it's your first kiss how can you make
this moment memorable and amazing most
importantly calm down take a deep breath
everything's going to be just fine if
you're truly in love with your partner
and they're in love with you
your skillfulness won't matter too much
everyone starts at the beginning and you
can grow and build intimacy together
which will make your connection even
stronger don't rush the moment your
first kiss happens only once unless the
energy between you is electric and you
feel like if you don't kiss the person
you'll regret it for the rest of your
life don't do it it's always cool to
have a romantic first kiss story right
if you're feeling shy let your partner
lead the way there's nothing wrong with
it quite the opposite
this approach will only help you learn
everything more quickly according to
specialists a great kiss has a drug-like
effect that's because our lips are the
most exposed erogenous zone and have 12
cranial nerves to shoot impulses into
our brain and this chemical cocktail can
lead to a feeling of being high still
there have to be some other kissing
tricks out there that can make you a
better kisser right sure and trick
number one is educating yourself about
other erogenous zones yes
we've learned that lips are among them
however they're not the only erogenous
zone in that general area the neck
earlobe shoulders fingertips the list is
quite long combining the effects of a
couple of them will certainly upgrade
your kissing game another important
thing is to be honest you can't become a
better kisser if you don't progress if
something is wrong tell your partner
about it and let them do the same for
you
and don't take it personally let it be a
part of the learning experience paying
more attention to your partner is also
one of the keys to being a good kisser
everyone has their own set of
preferences and if you know and follow
them you'll definitely be the best for
your partner and this is exactly why
it's important to talk it over your
girlfriend or boyfriend can't read your
thoughts so leave little hints or tell
them everything directly and last but
not least give bad kissers a chance
kissing is a skill that can be improved
all you have to do is teach the person
if you really have feelings for somebody
turning them down just because they
aren't as good a kisser as you thought
isn't the best choice they may be not so
good now but after some time they'll be
amazing and you'll lose your chance to
be with someone you love
after all practice makes perfect
can you tell us the story of your first
kiss share your experience in the
comments below don't forget to give us a
like get and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you